Food security and safety has been an issue for a long time.
Many people have realized the benefits of eating locally already, but there has been even more looking for a solution
to the long supply chain involved in the food we eat every day, especially since the current pandemic.
Some people that were on the fence about growing their own food to be more self-sustaining have taken the leap:
- help avoid the grocery store (long supply chain, lots of unknown people touching your food)
- eating more fruits and vegetables helps your immune system 
- an excuse to go outside and something to do while we #stayathome

We want to make it easier for people to grow as much food as possible with what they have.

The first step is knowing what to grow.

For a long time gardeners and farmers have relied on the Agricultural Zone designations to know what will grow in their area.

But things that grow well in Grand Island might not do as well in Cheektowaga. There are different soil types and compositions,
and the overall weather is slightly different throughout the city and suburbs. 

Garden Thyme makes it easy for beginner gardeners and experienced farmers to keep track of what they've grown,
what has done well, and builds on that across neighborhoods. 

When you log how many tomatoes you got on July 3rd from the [Variety] tomato plant that you put in the ground on May 30, it gives everyone else
an idea of how well the [Variety] tomato plant will grow, how many tomatoes to expect from it, and how long it will take to fruit.
When Garden Thyme gives you suggestions on what to grow, it uses that information to tell you which tomatoes are going to work better for you.
Growing results from people closest to you (including you!) are weighted the heaviest. 

Garden Thyme isn't limited to just Buffalo. There are no restrictions on location and the basic data will work everywhere.
The more people that use it in an area, the more helpful it becomes. Even if no one has used it in your area, you will get the
basic recommendations as if you were looking at the zone designation on a seed packet. If you are the only one that uses it in your city
you will still get recommendations based on what you grew last year. But the more people that log what they're growing, the more
intelligent our algorithm becomes and the more we can help you grow as many veggies as possible!

We plan to add more ways to log the activities in your garden, including pictures, garden type (pots, raised beds, etc), 
We also want to add reporting to encourage established farms to log their results as that data will be the most helpful!



Things to address:

PROMPT (30%)
“Supporting the Buffalo Community” How closely does it answer the prompt?

TECHNICAL DIFFICULTY (30%)
Is the project technically impressive? Complex? Does it seem remarkable that someone could
achieve this hack in just a day or two?

POLISH (15%)
You can’t expect a completely polished, ready-to-go project at the end of a hackathon. But you
can look for some degree of polish, thought, and effort. Does the hack work? Did the team
achieve their goals and accomplish what they set out to do?

“WOW” FACTOR (15%)
Sure, this one is hard to judge, but hackathons are all about exciting innovation and surprising
solutions to problems. Look for a project that makes you say, “Wow!” You can also take into
account the reactions of the other hackers. Which projects seem to really amaze and excite the
audience?

FUTURE PLANS (10%)
Depending on the purpose or goal of the hackathon you’re judging, you may also consider the
team’s future plans for their hack. Does the hack seem practical and viable?
